mine
2020-05-01
Commments on Zhu Tong’s Interpretations
A good interpreter must have encyclopedic knowledge. Let’s take a look at Zhu Tong’s interpretation on some specific word like tsar and Gorbarchev. She must be familiar with the history of Russia and the current politics so that she can translate fluently.

The other example is the question raised by Phoenix Hong Kong, it is a very long and complex question. It is quite difficult for one person to remember in his mother language, but a good interpreter can not only remember them but also think how to translate them into the target language. I think it requests 100 percent of concentration and an outstanding memory.

I also find that Zhu Tong has a terrific command of language as well as her articulation. She pronounces well , at the same time she has a good sense of hearing so she can clearly hear what people ask.
2020629
2020-06-29
2020/6/29

Today I went to our academic office to ask for leave because of my sore throat. It is annoyed and uncomfortable when the staff queried you about the rationality of taking a two days break on account of a small problem.

What the hell is she thinking about? Having a sore throat is very easy to transform to a bad cough and eventually develop to a fever, especially when you don’t get enough relax. Thinking about getting a fever on this extremely special period, you could never be too cautious to treat your condition and take prevention methods.

She asked me to provide a certificate of hospital. I only have a picture of my doctor’s diagnose, so she asked me to print it. When I asked for a use of our academy’s printer. She said strangers were not allowed to use it. Excuse me, I am a student of our academy, how can I be a stranger in your words? In fact, I think comparing to me , an ordinary staff is more likely to be a stranger.

It is a small thing, but it truly is about our administration staffs’ attitude toward people. In China, there are too much people who are kind, patient and efficient enough to take the job. Why can’t they get an opportunity? In my opinion,every administration staff should be given a grade after every request they disposed. Bad performed employees should be fired and the opportunity should be given to other people who are so expected for the job.

In the end, I hope we will have a better administration with kindness, patience, efficiency as well as enthusiasm.